mpirun -np 3 out 
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
thinking philosopher at node: 2
thinking philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 2 is eating
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 2 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
thinking philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 0
thinking philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 2 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 2 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 0
thinking philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 0
thinking philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 2 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 2 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 2
thinking philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 2 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 2 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 2
thinking philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 2 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 2 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 2
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
thinking philosopher at node: 1
thinking philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
philosopher at node 1 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 1
philosopher at node 0 is eating
philosopher at node 0 is thinking
hungry philosopher at node: 0
philosopher at node 1 is eating
